Name: Sean Yin
ID: 304 936 424
TA: Jeremy Rotman

1. What shell command uses the man program to print all the commands that have a specific word in their man page
(or at least the description part of the man page)? (hint: man man)

The shell command 'man -k' allows you to search the manual for any key words that follow the -k.
This can be found by using the hint 'man man' to find out what the '-k' command does.



2. Where are the mv and sh programs located in the file system? List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

Using the 'which' command, you can find the full path to shell commands, which can be verified using 'man -k which'.
The path to mv is '/usr/local/cs/bin/mv' and the path to sh is '/usr/bin/sh'.



3. What executable programs have names that are exactly two characters long and end in r, and what do they do?
List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

The two executable programs are 'pr' which converts text files for printing, and 'tr' which translates or deletes characters.
Using the find command, you can look for files in the '/usr/local/cs/bin' directory.  Then there are specifiers
which allow you to narrow down the search such as the '-type' predicate and searching for a specific '-name'.
The best shell command to use would be 'find /usr/local/cs/bin -name '?r' -executable'.  To find out the uses of
the executables, you just need to look them up in the manual. Simply use 'man pr' and 'man tr'.



4. When you execute the command named by the symbolic link /usr/bin/emacs, which file actually is executed?
List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

The actual file is '/etc/alternatives/emacs'. First find out how to navigate around a symbolic link with 
'man -k symbolic link' and find out that readlink will print the canonical file name. Then do 'readlink /usr/bin/emacs'.



5. What is the version number of the /usr/bin/gcc program? of the plain gcc program? Why are they different programs?

The version in /usr/bin/gcc is gcc (GCC) 8.2.0, which you can find out by changing into the directory and looking for
the 'gcc --version'.
Then if you stay in the home directory and use the command 'usr/bin/gcc -v', you can see that it is using the built-in
spec which is gcc 4.8.5


// NOT SURE HOW TO DO THE FIRST ONE
6. The chmod program changes permissions on a file. What does the symbolic mode u+sx,o-w mean, in terms of permissions?

For 'u+sx', the user gets executable permissions and sets user group/ID upon execute.
With 'o-w', you subtract the write permissions from the other group, so they won't be able to write to the file.
This can be found by looking up chmod on the manual.



7. Use the find command to find all directories modified in the last four weeks that are located under (or are the same as)
the directory /usr/local/cs. List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

The shell command to find directories modified is 'find /usr/local/cs -type d -mtime -28'.
I used 'man find' in order to find out how the find function worked and then found '-daystart' and looked at
each of the commands after that.  I found '-mtime n', which means the file was last modified n days ago.  
Find looks into a specified directory where the search can be modifed to look for a specific type of file
which was last modified a certain amount of days ago.


// HOW DO YOU DO THE COUNTING PART
8. Of the files in the same directory as find, how many of them are symbolic links?
List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

There are 279 symbolic links in the same directory as find. To look this up, first use the which command to
find out where 'find' is located, and then use find on that location.  To specify for symbolic links, you can
just use '-type l'.


// HOW DO CHECK IF IT IS A REGULAR FILE
9. What is the oldest regular file in the /usr/lib64 directory? Use the last-modified time to determine age.
Specify the name of the file without the /usr/lib64/ prefix. Consider files whose names start with ".".
List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

The oldest file in '/usr/lib64' is 'librom1394.so.0.3.0'.
First you can change directory to /usr/lib 64, then list the contents by using ls.  To have it list in
cronological order, you can just list 'ls -lt' and the file will show up last.


// PROB WRONG
10. Where does the locale command get its data from? List any shell commands you used to answer this question.

Using the manual, you can see that locale gets information from the environment.  This is found through 'man locale'
and just using locale.



11. In Emacs, what commands have downcase in their name? List any Emacs commands you used to answer this question.

downcase-dwim
downcase-region
downcase-word
You can find this by doing Control + h at the same time to get help, and then typing a for apropos to search for
the key word 'downcase'.



12. Briefly, what do the Emacs keystrokes C-M-r through C-M-v do? Can you list their actions concisely?
List any Emacs commands you used to answer this question.

'C-M-r' allows a person to search for a given string in a backwards search.
'C-M-v' scrolls through another window that's open but the cursor is not currently on.
To test this, I opened up other windows like the manual with 'C-h' and tested what the commands did.
You're also able to test this by checking key bindings 'C-h b' and find the names of the specific commands.



13. In more detail, what does the Emacs keystroke C-g do? List any Emacs commands you used to answer this question.

'C-g' is used to back out of a certain sequence, as a direct quit.  When I tested it, 
I could use it to go from 'C-h a' to get out of finding something.  It would clear the commands I tried before 
and take me back to a clean slate.  To find out more information, go to key bindings and switch windows and
press enter on the link.  'C-h b C-x o' scroll down and enter on the blue link for 'C-g'.


14. What does the Emacs yank function do, and how can you easily invoke it using keystrokes?
List any Emacs commands you used to answer this question.

The yank function is just the clipboard and paste function.  You can use it by doing 'C-y' found by 'C-h f yank'.
You can also use 'C-v' once you activate the command 'M-x cua-mode'.
I found this through the manual under killing and CUA Bindings.



15. When looking at the directory /usr/bin, what's the difference between the output of the ls -l command,
and the directory listing of the Emacs dired command? List any shell or Emacs commands you used to answer this question.

Dired tells you the current and parent directory, ls doesn't.
To list out the directory without emacs, just change into the directory and us 'ls -l'.
To list out the directory in emacs, use the command 'C-x d' and then change the directory to /usr/bin and press enter.